SOFTWARE LICENCE

This license does not in anyway imply that you will have to pay royalty 
fees for the use of the product in your applications. It is intended to 
be a licence between Baltic Solutions and developers that use the 
ColorMemo to build applications.  If you have 3 developers in your 
company that use the ColorMemo when building software, then you would
require 3 licensed versions.  Any applications that are created with 
the ColorMemo can be distributed to any number of end users in any 
fashion that you see fit.

The use of this package indicates your understanding and acceptance of 
the following terms and conditions. This license shall supersede any 
verbal, or prior verbal or written, statement or agreement to the 
contrary. If you do not understand or accept these terms, or your local 
regulations prohibit "after sale" license agreements or limited 
disclaimers, you must cease and desist using this product immediately.

This product is © Copyright 1996,1997 Baltic Solutions, all rights 
reserved. This product is protected by international copyright laws, 
international treaties and all other applicable national or 
international laws. This software product and documentation may not, 
in whole or in part, be copied, photocopied, translated, or reduced to 
any electronic medium or machine readable form, without prior consent 
in writing, from Baltic Solutions and according to all applicable laws. 
The sole owner of this product is Baltic Solutions.

Liability disclaimer:

This product and/or license is provided as is, without any 
representation or warranty of any kind, either express or implied, 
including without limitation any representations or endorsements 
regarding the use of, the results of, or performance of the product, 
its appropriateness, accuracy, reliability, or correctness. The entire 
risk as to the use of this product is assumed by the user and/or 
licensee. Baltic Solutions does not assume liability for the use of 
this program beyond the original purchase price of the software. In no 
event will Baltic Solutions be liable for additional direct or indirect 
damages including any lost profits, lost savings, or other incidental 
or consequential damages arising from any defects, or the use or 
inability to use these programs, even if Baltic Solutions have been 
advised of the possibility of such damages.

Restrictions:

You may not use, copy, modify, translate, or transfer the programs, 
documentation, or any copy except as expressly defined in this 
agreement. You may not attempt to unlock or bypass any 
"copy-protection" or authentication algorithm utilized by the program.
You may not remove or modify any copyright notice or the method by 
which it may be invoked.

Operating license:

You have the non-exclusive right to use any enclosed program only by a 
single person, on a single computer at a time. You may physically 
transfer the program from one computer to another, provided that the 
program is used only by a single person, on a single computer at a 
time. In group projects where multiple persons will use the program, 
you must purchase an individual license for each member of the group. 
Use over a "local area network" (within the same locale) is permitted 
provided that the program is used only by a single person, on a single 
computer at a time. Use over a "wide area network" (outside the same 
locale) is strictly prohibited under any and all circumstances.

Linking and distribution license:

In order to link and distribute compiled ColorMemo code in 
accordance to this license, you must be registered with Baltic 
Solutions as an authorized licensee, and must have submitted a signed 
copy of this license stating you agree to be bound by its terms and 
conditions. You may not reproduce or distribute copies of the complete 
package, any of the source, interface, or code (.DCU) units, any of the 
documentation, nor may you supply any means by which your users could 
create, modify, or incorporate the ColorMemo component in their 
own products. Violations will be prosecuted to the maximum extent 
possible under the law.

Back-up and transfer:

You may make one copy of the program solely for "back-up" purposes, 
as prescribed by international copyright laws. You must reproduce and 
include the copyright notice on the back-up copy. You may transfer the 
product to another party only if the other party agrees to the terms 
and conditions of this agreement, and completes and returns 
registration information (name, address, etc.) to Baltic Solutions 
within 30 days of the transfer. If you transfer the program you must at 
the same time transfer the documentation and back-up copy, or transfer 
the documentation and destroy the back-up copy. You may not retain any 
portion of the program, in any form, under any circumstance.

Terms:

This license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it by 
destroying the program, the documentation and copies thereof. This 
license will also terminate if you fail to comply with any terms or 
conditions of this agreement. You agree upon such termination to 
destroy all copies of the program and of the documentation, or return 
them to Baltic Solutions for disposal.  Note that by registering this 
product you give Baltic Solutions permission to reference your name in 
product advertisements.

Other rights and restrictions: 

All other rights and restrictions not specifically granted in this 
license are reserved by Baltic Solutions.
